0123456789
go_right increment stop
go_right
stop

go_right 0 go_right 0 right
go_right 1 go_right 1 right
go_right 2 go_right 2 right
go_right 3 go_right 3 right
go_right 4 go_right 4 right
go_right 5 go_right 5 right
go_right 6 go_right 6 right
go_right 7 go_right 7 right
go_right 8 go_right 8 right
go_right 9 go_right 9 right
go_right # increment # left
increment 9 increment 0 left
increment 0 stop 1 left
increment # stop 1 none
increment 1 stop 2 none
increment 2 stop 3 none
increment 3 stop 4 none
increment 4 stop 5 none
increment 5 stop 6 none
increment 6 stop 7 none
increment 7 stop 8 none
increment 8 stop 9 none
